docs: add warns about hosts public IP addresses (#493)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/installation/requirements.md

- Minimum 100 Mbit/s NIC. Recommended: one or more Gb or 10 Gb NICs for faster data transfers, including P2V, import/export, and VM live migrations.
- Use multiple NICs for redundancy. Network configuration depends on your storage type—refer to vendor documentation for guidance.

:::danger

> XCP-ng hosts **MUST NOT** use a public IP address for management. Keep management traffic on a private, trusted network. See the [Networking](../../networking/) documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XCP-ng hosts **MUST NOT** use a public IP address for management. Keep management traffic on a private, trusted network. See the [Networking](../../networking/) documentation for more details.
```

> XCP-ng hosts **MUST NOT** use a public IP address for management. Keep management traffic on a private, trusted network. See the [Networking](../../networking/) documentation for details.

Reviewer 2: What happens if we ignore this and we do use a public IP address?

Author: I tried to explain with one sentence and redirected to the Networking page for more details

- Minimum 100 Mbit/s NIC. Recommended: one or more Gb or 10 Gb NICs for faster data transfers, including P2V, import/export, and VM live migrations.
- Use multiple NICs for redundancy. Network configuration depends on your storage type—refer to vendor documentation for guidance.

:::danger

> XCP-ng hosts **MUST NOT** use a public IP address for management. Keep management traffic on a private, trusted network.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
XCP-ng hosts **MUST NOT** have a public IP address assigned to their management network. Management interfaces must only be accessible from trusted private networks.
```

> If you do, anyone on the Internet can reach services intended for trusted intra-pool use only (XAPI, and LINSTOR on [XOSTOR](../../xostor/) pools). See the [Networking](../../networking/) documentation for more details.

Reviewer 3: Anyone can reach services, but not anyone can actually authenticate to XAPI and make do things. The wording makes it sound it may be the case.

Reviewer 3: I'd just remove the whole "If you do" part in this page and just keep the first part.
